Suggestion (#3278)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 1-js/02-first-steps/07-type-conversions/article.md

## Numeric Conversion

> Numeric conversion in mathematical functions and expressions happen automatically.

Reviewer: Numeric 
```suggestion
Numeric conversion happens automatically in mathematical functions and expressions.
```
warning I am not a native eng speaker

Author: @joaquinelio your version looks good too

> Numeric conversion in mathematical functions and expressions happen automatically.

Reviewer: or, (I like it more but I'm not sure if I can start a sentence this way)

```suggestion
In mathematical functions and expressions, the numeric conversion happens automatically.
```
